BCP-008-01 and BCP-008-02 models (#16)
AMWA-TV/nmos-control-feature-sets: monitoring/README.md

    "Unhealthy"                 // 3 Not locked to a synchronization source
};
```

### NcStreamStatus

```typescript
// Stream status enum data type
enum NcStreamStatus {
    "Inactive",          // 0 Inactive
    "Healthy",           // 1 Active and healthy
    "PartiallyHealthy",  // 2 Active and partially healthy
    "Unhealthy"          // 3 Active and unhealthy
};
```

### NcEssenceStatus

```typescript
// Essence status enum data type
enum NcEssenceStatus {
    "Inactive",          // 0 Inactive
    "Healthy",           // 1 Active and healthy
    "PartiallyHealthy",  // 2 Active and partially healthy
    "Unhealthy"          // 3 Active and unhealthy
};
```

### NcCounter

```typescript
// Counter data type
interface NcCounter {
    attribute NcString     name; // Counter name
    attribute NcUint64     value; // Counter value
    attribute NcString?    description; // Optional counter description
};
```

### NcMethodResultCounters

```typescript
// Counters method result
interface NcMethodResultCounters: NcMethodResult {
    attribute sequence<NcCounter>    value; // Counters
};
```

## Control classes

### NcStatusMonitor

> This is the baseline status monitoring class that all feature status monitors use.
> The goal is to make it easy for clients to find a very high level `overallStatus`.
> The other goal is that it makes it easy to find all status monitors in a device model by using the [FindMembersByClassId](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Blocks.html#search-methods) inside block classes.

Reviewer: Suggested rewording.

- Baseline isn't used in the MS-05 specification - base class perhaps?
- Not sure about declaring design goals in the spec - better to just declare what the class does?

```suggestion
This is the base class for all feature status monitors.
This class makes it easy for clients to determine the high level `overallStatus` of a monitor.
All status monitors in a device model can be easily found by searching for `NcStatusMonitor`s classes using the [FindMembersByClassId](https://specs.amwa.tv/ms-05-02/latest/docs/Blocks.html#search-methods) method found in block classes.
```

```typescript
// Baseline status monitoring class
[control-class("1.2.2")] interface NcStatusMonitor: NcWorker {
    [element("3p1")]    readonly    attribute    NcOverallStatus    overallStatus;      // Overall status property
    [element("3p2")]    readonly    attribute    NcString?    overallStatusMessage;     // Overall status message property
    [element("3p3")]                attribute    NcUint32    statusReportingDelay;      // Status reporting delay property (in seconds, default is 3s and 0 means no delay)
};
```

### NcReceiverMonitor

Receiver monitoring class required for expressing statuses of different domains (connectivity, synchronization, stream validation).

Because it derives from the baseline [NcStatusMonitor](#ncstatusmonitor) it will also expose an `overallStatus` property.

> It uses the Touchpoint mechanism inherited from NcObject to attach to the correct receiver identity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the Touchpoint mechanism inherited from NcObject to identify the NMOS receiver resource being monitored.
```

    [element("4p10")]    readonly    attribute    NcString?    synchronizationSourceId;    // Synchronization source id property
    [element("4p11")]    readonly    attribute    NcStreamStatus    streamStatus;    // Stream status property
    [element("4p12")]    readonly    attribute    NcString?    streamStatusMessage;    // Stream status message property
    [element("4p13")]    readonly    attribute    NcUint64    streamStatusTransitionCounter;    // Stream status transition counter property
    [element("4p14")]                attribute    NcBoolean    autoResetCounters;    // Automatic reset counters property (default: true)

    // Gets the lost packet counters
    [element("4m1")]    NcMethodResultCounters GetLostPacketCounters();

    // Gets the late packet counters
    [element("4m2")]    NcMethodResultCounters GetLatePacketCounters();

    // Resets ALL counters
    [element("4m3")]    NcMethodResult ResetCounters();
};
```

### NcSenderMonitor

Sender monitoring class required for expressing statuses of different domains (connectivity, synchronization, essence validation).

> Because it derives from the baseline [NcStatusMonitor](#ncstatusmonitor) it will also expose an `overallStatus` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because it derives from the [NcStatusMonitor](#ncstatusmonitor) base class it will also expose an `overallStatus` property.
```
